Add message to onboard new users to the Slack bridge (#506)
matrix-org/matrix-appservice-slack: templates/onboarding.txt

Hello there! You have just joined a room bridged to Slack, which means messages you send
will be automatically bridged to Slack, and messages sent from Slack will appear in the room.

This room serves as your control center for configuring the bridge, and is visible
only to you.

> The bridge is not yet connecting direct messages, private channels or various other nice
> things like reactions to your account. In order to do that, please type `login` in order
> to connect your account to the bridge. You may also type `help` for other commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bridge is not yet connecting direct messages, private channels or various other nice
things like reactions to your account. In order to do that, please send the message `login`
in order to connect your account to the bridge. You may also send `help` for other commands.
```
